with today's technology we should be
able to hear another person's thoughts
it would be better if we had a human
henry's human enough for me
three two one
must have been a power outage last night
when oliver makes an incredible
discovery
make way for the total package brain's
personality and good looks
things will never be the same it works
henry
i i can hear what you're thinking you
can hear what i'm thinking whoa
you taste like a genius so all dogs and
understand
all humans duh but you can't tell
anybody that's checkmate sucker are you
talking to the doctor
nick snyder on the arcing tank the
science fair is big for you
good luck at the fair now he must make
sure his new invention this kid is
special
doesn't fall into the wrong hands oh my
god
it works you did it i would do
anything to acquire this technology
i fear for oliver's safety let us out
let us out right now sit you sure you're
not hungry wait what no one said there'd
be snacks
they've got adventure my human is in
trouble and i need your help
oh didn't know you're having an awesome
party
down to a science we are gonna to save
oliver
gabriel bateman grinnell mayor
with megan fox and josh demelle
we make a good team henry
[Music]
think like a dog how do you get so smart
honey
you smell as many butts as i have you
tend to pick up a few things
you